Add import and docs for txtai integration (#14712)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/tracing/integrations/txtai.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 13
sidebar_label: txtai
---

import { APILink } from "@site/src/components/APILink";
import { Card, CardGroup, SmallLogoCard } from "@site/src/components/Card";
import TOCInline from "@theme/TOCInline";
import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

# Tracing txtai

![txtai Tracing via autolog](/images/llms/tracing/txtai-rag-tracing.png)

[txtai](https://github.com/neuml/txtai?tab=readme-ov-file) is an all-in-one embeddings database for semantic search, LLM orchestration and language model workflows.

> [MLflow Tracing](../) provides automatic tracing capability for txtai. By enabling auto tracing
> for txtai by calling the `mlflow.txtai.autolog` function, MLflow will capture traces for LLM invocation, embeddings, vector search, and log them to the active MLflow Experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MLflow Tracing](../) provides automatic tracing capability for txtai. Auto tracing
for txtai  can be enabled by calling the `mlflow.txtai.autolog` function. MLflow will capture traces for LLM invocation, embeddings, vector search, and log them to the active MLflow Experiment.
```
